http://rachbelaid.com/feed
http://elithrar.github.io/atom.xml
http://keepingitclassless.net/feed/
http://githubengineering.com/atom.xml
http://feeds.feedburner.com/blogspot/RLXA
http://www.hanselminutes.com
http://jmoiron.net/blog/rss
http://blog.golang.org/feed.atom go
http://www.goinggo.net/feeds/posts/default go
http://www.ironzebra.com/rss go
http://blog.gopheracademy.com/feed.atom go
http://openmymind.net/atom.xml
http://8thlight.github.com/feed/atom.xml
http://dave.cheney.net/feed go
http://derekwyatt.github.io/feed.xml
http://feeds.feedburner.com/alistapart/main
http://www.golangweekly.com/archive/feeds/atom/ go weekly
http://feeds.feedburner.com/CssTricks css
http://simplecast.fm/podcasts/271/rss
http://gowithconfidence.tumblr.com/rss go
http://www.informit.com/articles/index_rss.aspx
http://mechanical-sympathy.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://morsmachine.dk/feed.atom
http://research.swtch.com/feed.atom go
http://www.pheelicks.com/feed/
http://dominik.honnef.co/atom.xml go
http://feeds.feedburner.com/37signals/beMH
http://www.smashingmagazine.com/feed/ tutorials
http://code.tutsplus.com/posts.atom tutorials
http://webdesign.tutsplus.com/posts.atom tutorials webdesign web
http://www.sitepoint.com/feed/
http://www.drdobbs.com/articles/rss
http://simplystatistics.org/feed/
http://lemire.me/blog/feed/
http://feeds.feedburner.com/html5rocks html5 js
http://feeds.feedburner.com/2ality js
http://qfox.nl/weblog.rss
http://blog.ponyfoo.com/rss/latest.xml
http://webreflection.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default web
http://feeds.feedburner.com/nczonline js
http://feeds.feedburner.com/JohnResig js
http://perfectionkills.com/feed.xml
http://herman.asia/feed
http://justinas.org/feeds/all.atom.xml
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TroyHunt
http://www.allthingsdistributed.com/index.xml aws
http://blog.computationalcomplexity.org/feeds/posts/default
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TheEndeavour
http://feeds.feedburner.com/BillTheLizard
http://blog.vivekhaldar.com/rss
https://blog.mozilla.org/webdev/feed/ web
http://www.imperialviolet.org/iv-rss.xml
http://a16z.com/feed/ venture
http://matt.might.net/articles/feed.rss
http://prog21.dadgum.com/atom.xml
http://www.craigkerstiens.com/atom.xml
http://rjlipton.wordpress.com/feed/
http://jeremykun.com/feed/
http://mattgemmell.com/atom.xml
http://alistair.cockburn.us/articles-blog/new/rss
http://computationalcombinatorics.wordpress.com/feed/
http://jordanorelli.com/rss
http://devcry.heiho.net/feeds/posts/default
http://manuel.kiessling.net/feed/
http://silkandspinach.net/feed/
http://fabiensanglard.net/rss.xml
http://lwn.net/headlines/rss
http://www.phpied.com/feed/
http://www.stevesouders.com/blog/feed/
http://ariya.ofilabs.com/feed
http://feeds.feedburner.com/addyosmani
http://www.bhorowitz.com/blog.rss
http://gregmankiw.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://www.scottaaronson.com/blog/?feed=rss2
http://feeds.feedburner.com/StudyHacks
http://feeds.feedburner.com/scotthyoung/HAHx
http://mathlesstraveled.com/feed/
http://shape-of-code.coding-guidelines.com/feed/
http://goodstuff.fm/thegentlymad/feed
http://blog.nadim.computer/rss
http://programmingisterrible.com/rss
http://feeds.feedburner.com/tympanus
http://www.aaronsw.com/2002/feeds/pgessays.rss
http://11011110.livejournal.com/data/rss
http://feeds.feedburner.com/AComputerScientistInABusinessSchool
http://cacm.acm.org/magazine.rss
http://alanwinfield.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/rss.xml
http://feeds.feedburner.com/blogspot/gJZg
http://blog.prof.so/feeds/posts/default
http://andysresearch.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TheGeomblog
http://femalecomputerscientist.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://feeds.feedburner.com/MachineLearningtheory
http://nlpers.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://lucatrevisan.wordpress.com/feed/
http://logicomp.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://feeds.feedburner.com/EmbeddedInAcademia
http://techshoestring.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://tcsmath.wordpress.com/feed/
http://3dpancakes.typepad.com/ernie/atom.xml
https://www.lightbluetouchpaper.org/feed/
http://feeds.feedburner.com/MOFoghluWeblog
http://www.windley.com/rss.xml
http://yosefk.com/blog/feed
http://terrytao.wordpress.com/feed/
http://www.computervisionblog.com/feeds/posts/default
http://www.cs.uni.edu/~wallingf/blog/index.xml
http://eli.thegreenplace.net/feeds/all.atom.xml
http://wordpress.cs.vt.edu/csblog/feed/
http://feeds.feedburner.com/DataMining
http://aaronsadventures.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://bit-player.org/feed
http://feeds.feedburner.com/qualitycoding
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Devfright
https://leepike.wordpress.com/feed/
http://iosdevweekly.com/issues.rss
http://www.objc.io/feed.xml
http://developer.apple.com/swift/blog/news.rss
http://maryrosecook.com/blog/feed
http://zomigi.com/feed/
http://www.romancortes.com/blog/feed/
http://accessibleculture.org/feed/
http://feeds.feedburner.com/drublic
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TheCSSNinja
http://blog.samaltman.com/posts.atom
http://feeds.feedburner.com/paul-irish
http://scotch.io/feed
http://aphyr.com/posts.atom
http://feeds.feedburner.com/PostgresOnlineJournal
http://feeds.feedburner.com/appendto
http://statuscode.org/rss/1k74jkjn
http://feeds.feedburner.com/jstorimer
http://feeds.feedburner.com/CSS-Weekly
http://noeffclue.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://rogpeppe.wordpress.com/feed/
http://feeds.feedburner.com/michaelnielsen/wmna
http://theoryclass.wordpress.com/feed/
http://www.inherentuncertainty.org/feeds/posts/default
http://gowers.wordpress.com/feed/
http://gilkalai.wordpress.com/feed/
http://bit-player.org/feed
http://subjc.com/atom.xml
http://floriankugler.com/blog?format=rss
http://crypto.cs.uiuc.edu/blog/?feed=rss2
http://feeds.feedburner.com/HighScalability
http://googletesting.blogspot.com/atom.xml
https://blog.twitter.com
http://iosunittesting.com/feed/
http://www.depesz.com/feed/
http://www.goinggo.net/feeds/posts/default
http://www.ironzebra.com/rss
http://antirez.com/rss redis
#